DOC-2013: Added TINY-9704 to the release notes. (#2715)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following bug fixes:

> === Inline alert in the "Search and Replace" dialog persisted when it wasn't necessary.
> //#TINY-9704
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, the search and replace dialog (UI) was not updated following a modification to the "Find in selection" option. Consequently, the "not found" alert would persist and not disappear as intended.
> 
> To resolve this issue, the necessary (UI) updates were implemented after the change to the "Find in selection" option. As a result, the "not found" alert is now reset every time the "Find in selection" option is altered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Inline alert in the "Search and Replace" dialog persisted when it was not necessary.
//#TINY-9704

Previously, the *Find and Replace* dialog was not updated following a modification to the “Find in selection” option. Consequently, the “not found” alert would persist and not disappear as intended.

To resolve this issue, necessary UI updates were implemented after the change to the “Find in selection” option. As a result, the “not found” alert is now reset every time the “Find in selection” option is altered.
```
Copy-edits.
